
This is an alpha release of MondoSCF.  It is an 
experimental linear scaling quantum chemistry code 
and far from perfect.  It is being developed in a 
spirit of collaboration and friendly competition for
very large problems.  The source has a LANL common 
domain license, and we will be flattered if you 
want to hoist some of it!  However, we do expect 
acknowledgment and citation, propagation of the 
license along with (even modified) code.  Also,
the code itself has the additional minor restriction 
of authorship on a first paper. 

Currently, we must respectfully suggest that you RTFC, 
as there is no FM.  However, we are committed to helping 
you get the code to work (within its current 
capabilities).  Please send your questions, bug reports, 
new code developments (you know you want to) and 
suggestions for improvements (bah!) to MChalla@LANL.Gov 
with the subject "MONDO". If you don't get an answer 
in 2-3 days, you can then try to repost to 
"mondo-group@t12mail.lanl.gov" as a last resort.  

You will need the HDF5 library available from 
http://hdf.ncsa.uiuc.edu/  HDF5 is used to create
platform independent "checkpoint" files.
You will also need the LAPACK libraries available
from http://www.netlib.org/lapack/  

Find an example .cshrc file in MONDO/Scripts/CSHRC
You will need to set up your MONDO, HDF, LAPACK
and MPI environmental variables, as well as determine the 
compiler file (CompilerSpecifices.PLATFORM.COMPILER)
located in MONDO/Includes.  This release is generated
for AMD or Intel Linux and the PG (Portland Group) 
compiler.  It will probably work on other compilers 
too.  If you need a release for NAG, SGI, AIX etc, 
this is possible, but you may need to provide an 
account for testing.  Setting your platform options
is accomplished via the MONDO_PLAT variable employed 
by MONDO/Scripts/MondoSetUp to activate the correct 
MONDO_COMPILER and MONDO_DGEMMS variables.  Have no fear, 
you can use any of the existing MONDO_DGEMMS, the worst 
that will happen is slow linear algebra.

Find example inputs and outputs in MONDO/Validate.
You should get results very similar to the .ref files.

To make MondoSCF, set up your .cshrc.  Edit your
CompilerSpecifics file.  Go the the main directory
and type "make all".  To invoke MondoSCF, you type
"mondo x.inp", or "mondo x.inp y.out", or 
"mondo x.inp y.out z.log"

Short cuts for making and changing to different 
directories may be found in MONDO/Scripts/MondoSetUp 
and in the main Makefile.  You do not have the main
MondoSCF source.  You have reprocessed "little postfix"
files, eg *.f90 *.f *.c, which have the most experimental
parts of the code filtered out. Be careful not to issue 
make purge commands, as purge will delete your source.  
This goes also for "make backup".

Have fun and stay in touch. 
 
 -- The MondoSCF crew

    Matt Challacombe
    CJ Tymczak
    Chee Gan
    Karoly Nemeth
    Valery Weber
    Anders Niklasson
     
